1.4.2 (#101)
MetaMask/action-create-release-pr: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.4.2]
### Changed

> - Remove `set-output` ([#100](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr/pull/100))
> - Bump actions ([#98](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr/pull/98))

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe better to frame it as fixing the deprecation warnings, as that's the user-facing affect of these two changes.
```suggestion
- Resolve GitHub action deprecation warnings ([#98](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr/pull/98), [#100](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr/pull/100))
  - GitHub actions have been updated to v3, and the deprecated `set-output` command is no longer used.
```
